=pod

 
=head1 NAME
 
Mojolicious::Command::generate::routes_restsful - Generate an App from a Mojolicious::Plugin::Routes::Restful HASH
 
=head1 SYNOPSIS
 
  my $commands = Mojolicious::Commands->new;
  my $gen = Mojolicious::Command::generate::routes_restsful->new;
  $gen->run('RoutesRestfulApp',{ 
            CONFIG => { Namespaces => ['RouteRestfulApp::Controller'] },
            PARENT => {...
 
=head1 DESCRIPTION
 
Give L<Mojolicious::Command::generate::routes_restsful> a hash that was created for L<Mojolicious::Plugin::Routes::Restful>
and it will generate a stub site for you.  You get a stub working version of your app made up of

  An App Class
  Content Contollers
  API Controllers
  A Startup Script
  Templates based on your content controlers
  A basic test suite for your API
  
Please note that this generator overwrites the NAMESPACE attribute of your hash if present, so you may have to edit it after. 
It is not intended to use this generator from the command line.

Best to use it in a script. See the script dir for an example.

See L<Mojolicious::Plugin::Routes::Restful> for details on how to make a Hash for this generator.
 
=head1 ATTRIBUTES
 
L<Mojolicious::Command::generate::app> inherits all attributes from
L<Mojolicious::Command> and implements the following new ones.
 
=head2 description
 
  my $description = $app->description;
  $app            = $app->description('Foo');
 
Short description of this command, used for the command list.
 
=head2 usage
 
  my $usage = $app->usage;
  $app      = $app->usage('Foo');
 
Usage information for this command, used for the help screen.
 
=head1 METHODS
 
L<Mojolicious::Command::generate::routes_restsful> inherits all methods from
L<Mojolicious::Command> and implements the following new ones.
 
=head2 run
 
  $app->run($class,$hash);
 
Generates the App. Where $class is the name of the App you want to create, and $hash is a valid L<Mojolicious::Plugin::Routes::Restful> hash.
 
=head1 SEE ALSO
 
L<Mojolicious>, L<Mojolicious::Guides>, L<http://mojolicious.org>, L<Mojolicious::Plugin::Routes::Restful>.
 
=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2016 John Scoles.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.
See http://dev.perl.org/licenses/ for more information.
=cut